[en]add a doc to  kairship (#5439)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/kairship/resource/update-ns.md

# Update Multicloud Namespace

> Currently, there are two ways to update: editing YAML and form update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You currently have two options for updating multicloud namespaces: edit YAML and update with form.
```
